reload-dev-mode (#1370)
gradio-app/gradio: CONTRIBUTING.md

bash scripts/install_test_requirements.sh
```

> * You can run gradio scripts in developer reload mode which will follow the changes in the gradio folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can run gradio scripts in developer reload mode which will watch for changes in the `gradio` folder and restart the app if changes are made.
```
